feat: support chaitin-waf plugin (#9838)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/plugins/chaitin-waf.md

## Response Headers

Depending on the plugin configuration, it is optional to add additional response headers.

The response headers are listed below:

- **X-APISIX-CHAITIN-WAF**: Whether APISIX forwards the request to the WAF server.
    - yes: forwarded
    - no: no forwarded
    - unhealthy: matches the match variables, but no WAF server is available.
    - err: an error occurred during the execution of the plugin. Also with **X-APISIX-CHAITIN-WAF-ERROR** request header
    - waf-err: Error while interacting with the WAF server. Also with **X-APISIX-CHAITIN-WAF-ERROR** request header
    - timeout: Timeout for request to the WAF server
- **X-APISIX-CHAITIN-WAF-ERROR**: Debug header. WAF error message
- **X-APISIX-CHAITIN-WAF-TIME**: The time in milliseconds that APISIX spent interacting with WAF.
- **X-APISIX-CHAITIN-WAF-STATUS**: The status code returned to APISIX by the WAF server.
- **X-APISIX-CHAITIN-WAF-ACTION**: Processing result returned to APISIX by the WAF server.
    - pass: request valid and passed
    - reject: request rejected by WAF service
- **X-APISIX-CHAITIN-WAF-SERVER**: Debug header. Picked WAF server.

> ## Plugin Metadata

Reviewer: ```
## Plugin Metadata
```

I thought the other ones say "Attributes"?

| add_debug_header         | bool          | false    | false         | Whether or not to add debugging headers, effective when `add_header` is `true`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| config                   | object        | false    |               | Configuration of the Chaitin SafeLine WAF service. When the route is not configured, the parameters configured in the metadata are used.                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | config.connect_timeout   | integer       | false    |               | connect timeout, in milliseconds, integer                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| config.connect_timeout   | integer       | false    |               | connect timeout, in milliseconds                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
```

Same for below. **Remove all `integer` from the description** as the data types have already been specified in `Type`.

Server: APISIX/3.3.0

{
  "args": {},
  "headers": {
    "Accept": "*/*",
    "Connection": "close",
    "Host": "httpbun.org",
    "User-Agent": "curl/8.1.2",
    "Waf": "true",
    "X-Forwarded-For": "127.0.0.1",
    "X-Forwarded-Host": "httpbun.org",
    "X-Forwarded-Port": "9080",
    "X-Forwarded-Proto": "http",
    "X-Real-Ip": "127.0.0.1"
  },
  "method": "GET",
  "origin": "127.0.0.1, 122.231.76.178",
  "url": "http://httpbun.org/get"
}
```

Potential attack requests will be intercepted and returned a 403 error:

```bash
curl -H "Host: httpbun.org" -H "waf: true" http://127.0.0.1:9080/getid=1%20AND%201=1 -i

HTTP/1.1 403 Forbidden
Date: Wed, 19 Jul 2023 09:29:06 GMT
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=utf-8
Transfer-Encoding: chunked
Connection: keep-alive
X-APISIX-CHAITIN-WAF: yes
X-APISIX-CHAITIN-WAF-TIME: 2
X-APISIX-CHAITIN-WAF-ACTION: reject
X-APISIX-CHAITIN-WAF-STATUS: 403
Server: APISIX/3.3.0
Set-Cookie: sl-session=UdywdGL+uGS7q8xMfnJlbQ==; Domain=; Path=/; Max-Age=86400

{"code": 403, "success":false, "message": "blocked by Chaitin SafeLine Web Application Firewall", "event_id": "51a268653f2c4189bfa3ec66afbcb26d"}
```

> ## Disable Plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Delete Plugin
```

Reviewer 2: Done

> To disable the `chaitin-waf` plugin, remove the plugin configuration in the plugin configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To remove the `chaitin-waf` plugin, delete the  the corresponding JSON configuration from the Plugin configuration:
```

Reviewer 2: Done
